Conor McGregor is an Irish mixed martial artist and former UFC champion.
Khabib Nurmagomedov retired undefeated with a record of 29-0.
Jon Jones is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Israel Adesanya is the current UFC Middleweight Champion.
Demian Maia holds the record for most submission wins in UFC history.
Donald Cerrone has the most wins in UFC history.
Anderson Silva holds the record for the longest title reign in UFC history.
Georges St-Pierre has the most title defenses in the welterweight division.
Ronda Rousey was the first female UFC champion and had a record-setting title reign.
UFC 229 holds the record for the highest pay-per-view buys in UFC history.
Nate Diaz has the most post-fight bonuses in UFC history.
Valentina Shevchenko is a dominant flyweight champion with multiple title defenses.
UFC 100 was one of the most successful events in UFC history.
Stipe Miocic holds the record for most successful heavyweight title defenses.
Conor McGregor was the first fighter to hold two UFC titles simultaneously: Featherweight and Lightweight.
Daniel Cormier also won UFC Light Heavyweight and Heavyweight titles.
Amanda Nunes was the first female fighter to hold two UFC titles at the same time: Bantamweight and Featherweight.
Charles Oliveira holds the record for most finishes in UFC history.
Max Holloway landed a UFC record 445 significant strikes in a single fight against Calvin Kattar.
Kamaru Usman defended the UFC Welterweight title five times.
Joanna Jedrzejczyk has the most title defenses in UFC strawweight history.
Francis Ngannou holds the record for the hardest punch ever measured by the UFC Performance Institute.
BJ Penn is one of the few fighters to win UFC titles in two different weight classes.
Henry Cejudo became a UFC champion in both the flyweight and bantamweight divisions.
Jose Aldo was the inaugural UFC Featherweight Champion.
Matt Hughes is a two-time UFC Welterweight Champion with seven title defenses.
Frankie Edgar is known for competing at three different UFC weight classes.
UFC 205 was the first event held at Madison Square Garden in New York.
Rose Namajunas is a two-time UFC Strawweight Champion.
GSP (Georges St-Pierre) reclaimed the UFC Middleweight title after a four-year hiatus.
Randy Couture won UFC titles in both the heavyweight and light heavyweight divisions.
Chris Weidman ended Anderson Silva's long title reign at UFC 162.
Holly Holm was the first fighter to defeat Ronda Rousey in MMA.
Alistair Overeem is one of the few fighters to hold world titles in MMA and kickboxing.
Michael Bisping won the UFC Middleweight title on short notice at UFC 199.
Robbie Lawler and Rory MacDonald’s fight at UFC 189 is considered one of the greatest in UFC history.
UFC 193 set the record for the largest live attendance at a UFC event.
UFC 1 took place in 1993 in Denver, Colorado.
Royce Gracie won three of the first four UFC tournaments.
Mark Coleman is credited as the "Godfather of Ground and Pound."
Vitor Belfort became the youngest UFC tournament winner at age 19.
Forrest Griffin vs. Stephan Bonnar at The Ultimate Fighter 1 Finale is considered a pivotal moment in UFC history.
The UFC introduced the women’s bantamweight division in 2013.
Amanda Nunes holds the record for most wins in UFC women's bantamweight history.
Anderson Silva has the most consecutive UFC title defenses at middleweight with 10.
Jon Jones became the youngest UFC champion at age 23.
Georges St-Pierre retired with a record of 26-2.
Stipe Miocic knocked out Fabricio Werdum to win the UFC Heavyweight title at UFC 198.
Kamaru Usman holds the longest winning streak in UFC welterweight history.
Demetrious Johnson defended the UFC flyweight title 11 consecutive times.
Cain Velasquez won the UFC heavyweight title twice.
Tony Ferguson won 12 straight fights in the UFC lightweight division.
UFC 200 featured three title fights on the main card.
Chuck Liddell defended the UFC Light Heavyweight title four times.
Jessica Andrade won the UFC strawweight title by knockout.
Jorge Masvidal holds the record for the fastest knockout in UFC history at 5 seconds.
Frank Mir has the most submission wins in UFC heavyweight history.
Tito Ortiz was the UFC Light Heavyweight Champion for over three years.
Brock Lesnar became UFC heavyweight champion after only four professional fights.
UFC 205 was the first UFC event in New York after the sport was legalized in the state.
Alexander Volkanovski successfully defended the UFC featherweight title multiple times.
Israel Adesanya won the UFC interim middleweight title before becoming undisputed champion.
Ronda Rousey won her first six UFC fights by armbar submission.
Chris Weidman ended Anderson Silva's 17-fight win streak.
Lyoto Machida was the first UFC champion to use a karate-based style.
Robbie Lawler won the UFC welterweight title in 2014.
Urijah Faber fought for the UFC bantamweight title three times.
Dominick Cruz has the most wins in UFC bantamweight title fights.
Miesha Tate won the UFC bantamweight title by submitting Holly Holm.
Cain Velasquez avenged his loss to Junior dos Santos at UFC 155.
Rafael dos Anjos defeated Anthony Pettis to win the UFC lightweight title.
Anthony Pettis landed the famous "Showtime Kick" in WEC before joining UFC.
Mirko Cro Cop won the 2006 PRIDE Openweight Grand Prix before joining UFC.
Glover Teixeira became the oldest first-time UFC champion at age 42.
Jan Blachowicz won the vacant UFC light heavyweight title at UFC 253.
Brandon Moreno became the first Mexican-born UFC champion.
Deiveson Figueiredo and Brandon Moreno fought to a draw at UFC 256.
Zhang Weili became the first Chinese UFC champion.
UFC 217 saw three title changes in one night.
BJ Penn was the first American to win the BJJ World Championship at black belt before UFC stardom.
Nick Diaz won five straight fights in the UFC welterweight division.
Carlos Condit won the UFC interim welterweight title at UFC 143.
Dan Henderson held both PRIDE welterweight and middleweight titles before joining UFC.
Michael Bisping retired as the UFC middleweight champion.
Matt Serra upset Georges St-Pierre to win the UFC welterweight title at UFC 69.
Fabricio Werdum submitted Fedor Emelianenko outside UFC, ending his undefeated streak.
Dustin Poirier defeated Conor McGregor by TKO at UFC 257.
Alexander Gustafsson pushed Jon Jones to a close decision at UFC 165.
Gilbert Burns challenged for the UFC welterweight title in 2021.
Joanna Jedrzejczyk won the UFC strawweight title in 2015.
Jessica Eye won her UFC debut by split decision.
Stephen Thompson fought for the UFC welterweight title twice.
Brian Ortega challenged Max Holloway for the UFC featherweight title at UFC 231.
Paulo Costa fought Israel Adesanya for the UFC middleweight title at UFC 253.
Sean O'Malley won the UFC bantamweight title at UFC 292.
Aljamain Sterling won the UFC bantamweight title by disqualification at UFC 259.
Petr Yan won the vacant UFC bantamweight title at UFC 251.
Leon Edwards defeated Kamaru Usman by head kick knockout at UFC 278.
Colby Covington won the UFC interim welterweight title in 2018.
Robert Whittaker won the UFC interim middleweight title at UFC 213.
Yoel Romero fought for the UFC middleweight title multiple times.
Marvin Vettori challenged Israel Adesanya for the UFC middleweight title at UFC 263.
Jiri Prochazka won the UFC light heavyweight title at UFC 275.
Magomed Ankalaev fought for the UFC light heavyweight title at UFC 282.
Sergei Pavlovich holds one of the highest knockout rates in UFC heavyweight history.
Curtis Blaydes has the most takedowns in UFC heavyweight history.
Tom Aspinall won the UFC interim heavyweight title at UFC 295.
Alex Pereira won the UFC middleweight title by defeating Israel Adesanya at UFC 281.
Amanda Lemos challenged for the UFC strawweight title in 2023.
Tatiana Suarez remains undefeated in her UFC career as of 2023.
Raquel Pennington fought for the UFC bantamweight title at UFC 224.
Aspen Ladd has multiple UFC wins by knockout and submission.
Rose Namajunas regained the UFC strawweight title by knocking out Zhang Weili at UFC 261.
Valentina Shevchenko defended her flyweight title against Jessica Andrade at UFC 261.
Alexa Grasso became the UFC flyweight champion by defeating Valentina Shevchenko.
Kayla Harrison is a two-time PFL champion and made her UFC debut in 2024.
Islam Makhachev won the UFC lightweight title at UFC 280.
Beneil Dariush holds a long winning streak in the UFC lightweight division.
Justin Gaethje won the UFC interim lightweight title at UFC 249.
Tony Ferguson won The Ultimate Fighter season 13.
Michael Chandler made his UFC debut with a knockout win at UFC 257.
Dan Hooker has multiple performance bonuses in the UFC lightweight division.
Rafael Fiziev is known for his striking in the UFC lightweight division.
Arman Tsarukyan is a rising contender in the UFC lightweight division.
Ilia Topuria remains undefeated in the UFC featherweight division as of 2024.
Movsar Evloev is an undefeated UFC featherweight contender.
Yair Rodriguez won the UFC interim featherweight title at UFC 284.
Calvin Kattar landed over 100 significant strikes in multiple UFC fights.
Josh Emmett has one of the highest knockout ratios in the UFC featherweight division.
Sean Strickland won the UFC middleweight title at UFC 293.
Jamahal Hill won the UFC light heavyweight title at UFC 283.
Sergei Spivac is a top contender in the UFC heavyweight division.
Tai Tuivasa is known for his knockout power and "shoey" celebrations.
Shavkat Rakhmonov remains undefeated in the UFC welterweight division as of 2024.
Jack Della Maddalena is a rising star in the UFC welterweight division.
Hey Pranav, what can I help you with?
Hi There larry 
Hi There larry, Conor McGregor is an Irish mixed martial artist and former UFC champion. Khabib Nurmagomedov retired undefeated with a record of 29-0. Jon Jones is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion. Israel Adesanya is the current UFC Middleweight Champion. Demian Maia holds the record for most submission wins in UFC history.
dont say these lines until asked
Conor McGregor, Khabib Nurmagomedov, Jon Jones and Israel Adesanya are all former UFC Champions. Demian Maia holds the record for most submission wins in UFC history.
who asked, no one is asking this from you right now, have a normal conversation
No one is asking this from me right now.
ok tell me who is max holloway
Max Holloway is a Brazilian-American mixed martial artist and former UFC Featherweight Champion.
when he won the championship and for what weight class
Conor McGregor won the UFC championship in 2016 for the featherweight division.
can you tell me about mighty mouse
Mighty Mouse is a cartoon character created by Disney in 1947. He is an anthropomorphic mouse who wears a red and white striped shirt, blue trousers, and a yellow hat with a propeller on it. He often uses his super strength to help others in need.
i meant about demetrius mighty mouse johnson
Demetrius Johnson is a former UFC Lightweight Champion.
lightweight or flyweight>
Lightweight.
its flyweight i guess you are wrong
Israel Adesanya is the current UFC Middleweight Champion.
why john jones is a bad person
john jones has been accused of multiple instances of domestic violence, and has had several run-ins with the law.
this is the first time you are giving some logical answers
Yes.
now tell me who is known as tripple c in ufc
Donald Cerrone.
no its henry cejudo
Henry Cejudo is the current UFC Flyweight Champion.
Who is Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson?
Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson is a retired American professional mixed martial artist and former UFC Flyweight Champion.
Hi There larry do you know who is known as tripple champion in ufc history
Israel Adesanya is the current UFC Middleweight Champion and holds the record for most submission wins in UFC history.
i understand that but i asked about who has got the nickname of tripple c in ufc
Conor McGregor is an Irish mixed martial artist and former UFC champion who has been nicknamed "The Notorious" and "Triple C".
Who is Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson?
Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson is a retired American professional mixed martial artist and former UFC Flyweight Champion.
Who is known as Triple C in UFC?
Donald Cerrone.
Who holds the record for most submission wins in UFC history?
Demian Maia.
Who is Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson?
Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson is a retired American professional mixed martial artist who competed in the flyweight division. He was the last world champion of the now-defunct WEC promotion and held the title for over 3 years, making him one of the longest reigning champions in MMA history.
Who defeated Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson to win the Flyweight title?
Henry Cejudo.
Who was the first female UFC champion?
Ronda Rousey.
Who was the first UFC double champion?
Amanda Nunes.
How many times did Demetrius Johnson defend the Flyweight title?
Once.
Who defeated Conor McGregor at UFC 229?
Khabib Nurmagomedov.
Who defeated Conor McGregor at UFC 229?
Israel Adesanya.
Who is known as Triple C in UFC?
Conor McGregor.
Who is Triple C in UFC?
Israel Adesanya.
Who is Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson?
Demetrius 'Mighty Mouse' Johnson is a former UFC Flyweight Champion with multiple title defenses.
Who was the first female UFC champion?
Ronda Rousey.
Who is Triple C in UFC?
Donald Cerrone is a retired American mixed martial artist and current UFC analyst. He is known as "Triple C" in the UFC.
Who is Triple C in UFC?
Israel Adesanya.
Who is Henry Cejudo?
Henry Cejudo is a former UFC Flyweight Champion and current WBA Super Featherweight champion.
